c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
c:\users\dealer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll.config
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.dll
C:\Users\phong\OneDrive\Desktop\Nam4\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\QuanLyKhachSan\obj\Debug\QuanLyKhachSan.pdb
